## AT&T



In AT&T I developed an end-to-end platform centered around providing robust network solutions to companies. The core of this application is its Spring Boot backend, designed to efficiently store both enterprise information and network status data. This backend system includes crucial components like real-time network monitoring module, and configuration management module, which streamlines network adjustments, ensuring both security and stability. On the front-end side, I crafted several components with React to enhance the user experience. These components simplify the solution search process and offer a lucid view of network equipment statuses, making network oversight more straightforward.



难点：

One of the significant challenges I encountered in my project is the integration of 4 dbs we use, MongoDB and MySQL, els, redis. To abstract and manage the access of all the databases, I designed and implemented an unified data access layer, termed the "Data Service Layer." This layer encapusulate the operations to database into unified apis, allowing our application logic to communicate solely with this layer, reduing developing time of other developers. And a key point of this layer is to ensure the data consistency across multipule databases. I addressed this by implementing the Two-Phase Commit (2PC) protocol. It was powerful in guaranteeing complex trasctions even in the event of failures.





## Cisco

I am working for the new order and contract system of Cisco Commercial Workspace. We built up a highly scalable and flexible system that can provide functionalities like order management , contract management, quote update and analysis with a fast response. This system is mainly built on spring boot and Oracle. Some of the modules like the quote analysis part are newly designed, which are with low latency and can improve the user experiences a lot. Other parts are migrated from the legacy monolithic system to the current microservices system using spring cloud and gcp. This part contains the main functionality of the system like order management and contract management, with a very high throughput, including support of real-time order update, efficient order query and so on.





难点：


The biggest challenge was to manage high-volume, real-time data exchange among microservices in our Order and Contract system. Given the huge data volume, we first decided to use Kafka message queue to handle the communication messages among the service applications. It a event-driven tool and it can handle a lot of data but it still cannot satisfy our requirement on low latency at the first time.

To address this issue, I optimized the Kafka settings for batch size and commit latency, and adopted more efficient data serialization format instead of using Json we used Protobuf. Furthermore, I implemented database sharding to distribute data across multiple instances as well as adding more service instances, reducing pressure on a single server. And make messages being produced more quickly. Lastly, we conducted performance monitoring using Grafana which helped us identify and solve bottlenecks in time.







## Others



1 国内公司的简历 -> family/intern2fulltime/bootcamp
2 美国经验：找的contrator，day1 cpt
3 最近的项目结束时间：一个月前或者两周前
4 算法题？



first impression很重要





1.语速慢，说话拖一些防止问到不会的问题

2.见面可以夸一下面试官，拖时间

3.回答问题要有停顿，不能咄咄逼人，要温和些,注意职场融洽





明天面试：
假设自己在职场环境里/

不要冷场也不要过于善言。然后可以先和面试官好好打招呼，显得真诚热情但是不过分

和面试官交流不会偏重tech





format:

infosys intro: apple projects  --- not consulting

apple pay them